README.md, before:

# Modelify
Small, clean, modern

Modelify is a tool that makes **easy, user-friendly modals** with ease using vanilla JavaScript.

## Usage
1. Require the library and CSS:
```
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="modelify/modelify.css">
<script src="modelify/modelify.js">
```
Make sure to put the `<script>` tag before you first use the `Modelify` object

The [pushy buttons library](https://github.com/iRaul/pushy-buttons) is also reccomended, but not required (you will need your own styles for the buttons, though):
```
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="pushy-buttons.min.css">
```
2. Use the library
```Modelify.info("This library is great!");
Modelify.prompt("Agree?").then(resp => {
    if (resp === 0) {
        alert(":(");
    } else {
        alert(":)");
    }
});
```
### Small
Only XXMB minified!
### Clean
`Modelify.info("This library is great!"); // so easy!`
Optimized for mobile
![Mobile display of a modal](screenshot.png)
### Modern
`Modelify.prompt("Agree?").then(resp => { handleResp(resp) });`
- Uses promise API
- Choice buttons use flexbox!

## Full Documentation
See [docs/documentation.md](https://github.com/92Eli/modelify/docs/documentation.md)

## FAQ
See [docs/faq.md](https://github.com/92Eli/modelify/docs/faq.md)

## Note
**DO NOT** use elements with a z-index greater than 1000 or the model will overlap it!

Commit message:

Update Readme, corrected wording
-Fixed broken links and made link to 92eli.github.io live demo.
-Updated docs to have correct return for Modelify.prompt()

README.md, after:

# Modelify
Small, clean, modern

Modelify is a tool that makes **easy, user-friendly modals** with ease using vanilla JavaScript.

> [View a live demo](https://92eli.github.io/modelify/demo.html)

## Usage
1. Require the library and CSS:
```
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="modelify/modelify.css">
<script src="modelify/modelify.js">
```
Make sure to put the `<script>` tag before you first use the `Modelify` object

The [pushy buttons library](https://github.com/iRaul/pushy-buttons) is also recomended, but not required (you will need your own styles for the buttons, though):
```
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="pushy-buttons.min.css">
```
2. Use the library
```Modelify.info("This library is great!");
Modelify.prompt("Agree?").then(resp => {
    if (resp === 0) {
        alert(":(");
    } else {
        alert(":)");
    }
});
```
### Small
Only 6MB minified!
### Clean
```Modelify.info("This library is great!"); // so easy!```
Optimized for mobile
![Mobile display of a modal](screenshot.png)
### Modern
`Modelify.prompt("Agree?").then(resp => { handleResp(resp) });`
- Uses promise API
- Choice buttons use flexbox!

## Full Documentation
See [docs/documentation.md](https://github.com/92Eli/modelify/blob/master/docs/documentation.md)

## FAQ
See [docs/faq.md](https://github.com/92Eli/modelify/blob/master/docs/faq.md)

## Note
**DO NOT** use elements with a z-index greater than 1000 or the modal will overlap it!
